
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts in Art Area
Morehead State University 2013 - 2017
​Morehead, Kentucky
FREELANCE  WORK
Freelance Artist 2009-

Work-for-hire contracting for Painting, Drawing and Graphic Design Work. Experienced in many media including Watercolors, Oils, Acrylics, Pastels, Charcoal, Graphite, Ink, Chalk, and Colored Pencil.
Over 60 commissioned artworks. 100+ prints of artwork sold.
Printed works for sale at Rowan County Arts Center in Morehead, KY. 

FESTIVALS / EVENTS
2017: Regional Entrepreneurship Conference, Morehead Conference Center, Morehead, KY
2016: Craft Bizzaar, Claypool Young Art Gallery, Morehead, KY
2014-2017: Arts and Eats, Morehead KY
2013-2017: Art Walk, annual, Paris, KY 
PUBLICATIONS
​2018: INSCAPE Literary and Art Magazine, juried, Claypool Young Art Building, Morehead, KY
EXHIBITIONS 
2017: The Annual MSU Student Exhibit, juried, Gateway Regional Art Center, Mt. Sterling, KY
2017: Spring Showcase, juried,
Rowan County Arts Center, Morehead, KY
2017: Bloom, juried,
Claypool Young Art Gallery, Morehead, KY
2016: The Annual MSU Student Exhibit, juried, Gateway Regional Art Center, Mt. Sterling, KY
2016: Trumpeting The Arts, Morehead Conference Center, Morehead, KY
2015: The Journey Within, juried, Claypool Young Art Gallery, Morehead, KY
2014: Street Art, Miss Kentucky send off exhibit, Trust Lounge, Lexington, KY 
ARTIST  STATEMENT
Controlled Chaos. This describes my work and my medium of choice, watercolors. The watercolor paint has a mind of its own, it must be controlled but at the same time given space to let the water and paint do what it wants. Through my studies, I have affiliated myself and my work with that of the traditional and classically trained artist. This is evident in my subject matter as it consists of nature, wildlife, and the human form.
Prior to studying for my Bachelors of Art in Art Area at Morehead State University, I worked exclusively in graphite and didn’t have access to many different media. During my schooling I was heavily engaged in studio and art history courses that greatly expanded my horizon and knowledge as an artist. I learned many new techniques and practiced multiple media that I never had the opportunity to try. I specifically reveled in my 2-D studies, including drawing and painting. I was challenged by bettering myself technically and conceptually. I was taught how to make successful compositions and studied the painting techniques used by masters of the craft. In that time I had grown increasingly close to watercolors.
Watercolors are extremely versatile and allow me to create highly naturalistic pieces or loose, expressive paintings that have motion to them. The paints are easy to clean up, easy to take with you, and have been one of the most challenging media I have set out to be proficient at. They aren’t the easiest paint to use because of the nature and fluidity of water. It is challenges such as this that the medium confronts me with that has deepened my attraction to them. My work is largely inspired by the practices and subjects of traditional art, however, my artwork blends these traditional techniques with contemporary approaches. I render my subjects realistically as a traditional painter, but use expressive colors and abstracted backgrounds that one wouldn’t find in naturalistic imagery. I work around this tumultuous nature of watercolors through the technique of “line and wash” (ink drawing with watercolors). With a controlled line drawing of my subject, I am able to let the chaos of the watercolor ensue. Though the drawing is traditional in the aspect of rendering, the color and application of paint in my art leans towards contemporary techniques and could be described as explosive and chaotic. This medium grants me the freedom to express myself fluidly and loosely or with immense detail and atmosphere, and my aim is to be adept in both of these methods. 
